---
title: week 5
layout: post
author: robert.potton
permalink: /week-5/
source-id: 18rSxQKDtb2fLjWV7yt4DHfhI-6tCg9V2POrndIoGT2I
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Yr 9 week 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/09/ 18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A google spreadsheet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a working encoding function, and possibly a decoding function, which looks good</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, except my attempt at a decoding function didn't work</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What techniques were useful?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week I needed to think about looks, and what people would LIKE to see. This was because I was doing the aesthetic side of my encoder, and the whole point of aesthetics is to make it look good. I had to think not only what appealed to me, as things that I like may not be what the majority of people like. I needed to use what I knew people in my class liked, as they would be a good audience to start with. I needed to try keep it simple, not overwhelming. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited me was my creativity. When it comes to making stories, I'm good at that, I’m creative in that way. But when I’m trying to make a creative font or background, my mind goes blank. This severely limits my options for this task.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will have to be more creative. I could trey do this in a number of ways. These include thinking outside the box, just sitting for a minute or even asking my peers what they would like to see. This would greatly enhance the look of my blog and probably get me a higher mark.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


