---
title: week 3
layout: post
author: robert.potton
permalink: /week-3/
source-id: 1L4aqRcoBCYrYWUFFGOvSdQk65qz_J493-KKClaRLIWQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Yr 9 week 3</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>24/09/ 18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A small basic encoder</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a working encoding function, and possibly a decoding function, which is easy for people to use</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, except my attempt at a decoding function didn't work</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What techniques were useful?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This lesson I had to use what I already had and use what I'd learnt, along with some new knowledge to carry on making my encoder better. My encoder is basically complete, but there's a lot to still do to make it better. I attempted to make a decoder too, but it didn’t work. However, I now know how to make a decoder (I think.) and should hopefully be able to implement this in future lessons. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> The thing that limited me today was probably my speed. I need to speed up in the next couple of lessons. I think this even though I’m ahead most of the class. This could also link back to my previous blogs where I said my worries were the things holding me back. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will once again, try to stop worrying. I will carry on trying until I don’t worry as much, especially when it’s stuff to do with other people that I’m worrying about.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


