---
title: Week 4
layout: post
author: robert.potton
permalink: /week-4/
source-id: 11TDi_5RKAyoArOXQgVAeqNeI0xEp9m3QZjhUDr32u8Q
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Yr 9 Week 4</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>10/10/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Some of my encoder and decoder</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To complete my encoding device</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
This lesson I had to just continue. We had everything we needed to complete our encoder, so I needed to use what I've learnt in the past few weeks. Honestly I think mine is ok, although I could've benefited from putting a space into my massive block of text. I had to try and ignore other people, as some of them were messing around in the lesson and I wanted to get as much done as I could, so I didn't have as much left to do. I also did have to do a bit of listening, as we were told more things which could improve our encoders. I needed to work as efficiently as possible, and use all the shortcuts that we had been told, and remember everything as fast as possible, as I didn't want to fall behind.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think the thing that limited me was my previous progress. If I'd been able to get through more in previous lessons, I would've been able to do more on my decoder. At the moment, my encoder works perfectly, I've got it so that it doesn't print in individual boxes, I just need to work on my decoder now. I feel this way even though I think I'm quite far ahead compared to some people.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to catch up on previous lessons where I didn't get through as much</td>
  </tr>
</table>


