---
title: Week 1
layout: post
author: robert.potton
permalink: /week-1/
source-id: 1B7VU3-IyikhBJ06Q2opYERe9a3tvlE5dLw1ZGoEh54A
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Yr 9 Week 1</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>11/09/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Nothing</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To listen and learn</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target?
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
This lesson I had to listen to what was being said, as it was the basis of what we would be doing this year in IT. I had to make sure I understood what was being said, and make sure I did what I was told, as although there wasn't much to do this lesson, if I didn't do it if could set me behind next lesson, and would leave me with catching up to do. I had to make sure I listened as what was being said was new to me, and it was a bit complicated, so I need to make sure that I understand how to use the features of Google spreadsheets. At home I had to make sure I remembered how to make my blog, as I had to rebuild it, and I had to be precise (which unfortunately it seems I wasn't) as one small mistake breaks everything.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to be more precise, and not just assume everything going wrong is just some easy to solve thing. For example, when I was rebuilding my blog, I accidentally left a bit of code as background, not background-image. Then, when I fixed that, I thought the reason it wasn't working was just because the page wasn't refreshing, but it was probably another small mistake somewhere.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will probably just restart my blog again, as right now none of my changes seem to be committing properly, I don't even know whether this blog post will commit. I will also remember everything we were told in our last lesson, as I may need to use it on my own this lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


