---
title: week 2
layout: post
author: robert.potton
permalink: /week-2/
source-id: 18rSxQKDtb2fLjWV7yt4DHfhI-6tCg9V2POrndIoGT2I
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Yr 9 week 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>17/09/ 18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A google spreadsheet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have a working encoding function, and possibly a decoding function, which is easy for people to use</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, except my attempt at a decoding function didn't work</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What techniques were useful?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week I needed to listen really carefully. This was because this lesson we were talking about the code we needed to put into our spreadsheets to make the encoding function work. I also needed to try to be logical in the last part of the lesson, as we had to try to put a decoding function in our spreadsheet. Mine didn't quite work, but my idea did have some thought behind it, and now I know how to do it. At home I thought that since my blog wasn't really working, I would start it again, and I’ll admit, even now it isn’t perfect, but it’s a lot better than it was.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited me today was my own worries. Since my blog wasn’t great, I was worried that we would be asked to show our blog in front of the whole class, and that I would be embarrassed. This made me constantly thinking that I would be embarrassed in front of the class.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will stop worrying. If I'm embarrassed in front of the class, what's the problem with that? People will forget after a while.  And I will too. And anyway, my blog is better now, not perfect, but probably better than some people’s. So why be embarrassed? I might not even be picked.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


